# Portfolio
My software development portfolio:

1. 24/10/2017 - Creating A Mathematic Dll (C#). - This is a DLL file called "MathCore" which won't actually run, because it is just a dictionary of functions if you will. To see the scripts inside this project please look inside "MathCore/MathCore". To see the mathematics library, it is lots of basic mathematics functions that take two inputs in the function and return the output.
2. 24/10/2017 - Using A Mathematics DLL (C#). - This will take use of the Mathematics DLL we created. To see the scripts inside this project please look inside "UsingTheLibrary/UsingTheLibrary". To see the running version of the maths library, the console application written in C# performs most of the methods inside the mathematics DLL. It also does some basic error checking and data type conversion.
3. 18/05/2018 - Creating A First Person Shooter (FPS) Style, Camera Look Script and Movement Script (C#). To see the scripts inside this project please look inside "Unity-FPSCameraAndMovementSystem/Assets". Please be aware with the different version of the Unity Editor this worked on 2019.3.14f1, I havent tested on other Unity versions, and havent built the final version.
4. 24/05/2018 - This project taught me how to create and plot graphs. (Python)
5. 03/10/2018 - 2D Crazy Birds Game built in the Unity Engine, using Google's Firebase SDK for user authorization, saving and loading the users data. To see the scripts inside this project please look inside "CrazyBirds2D/Scripts".
6. 18/10/2018 - This project is testing different sorting algorithms execution times. (Python).
7. 25/10/2020 - This project i built a website for a client, a small window cleaning business. I use some of the lastest programming techniques to achive the end result please note git hub only allows an upload of 100 files this limitation ment i couldnt upload the fonts folder but the scripts should still be readable. Please find the actual website URL to be http://c-thruwindows.great-site.net/Home.html.
